---
title: Evolving the OpenActive brand and website
date: 2017-12-14 13:24:00 Z
categories:
- news
- community-update
is_featured: false
thumbnail_image: "/uploads/imag.jpeg"
layout: post
---

Among a flurry of activity in the lead up to Christmas, we were working hard to update the overall OpenActive brand and rebuild the website. Read what we’ve been up to so far and how you can help us test the website prototype.

As I wrote in a previous post, the current website had started to become limiting as the initiative has grown throughout Phase 1 and we’ve developed ways to better support the community. Redeveloping the website is an important activity that will support the different streams across OpenActive — from better explaining our vision and progress, nesting a home for new developer resources, the forthcoming startup accelerator, online training and tools, community events, and more. In this post I’d like to share some of the process we’ve taken, and progress we’ve made.

### What’s been done
We undertook some initial discovery work between September and October, followed by a tender process to find a UX/design/development partner. Thrilled with the 10 proposals received, we scored each against a set of criteria and shortlisted two finalists. It was a hard slog. Both were very strong responses and we had confidence they could work with us to create something great. Following much debate and scrutinisation we appointed design agency Imaginate, who came with a wealth of industry experience alongside strong design, technical skills and open working values.

### Since then, Imaginate have been working with the ODI’s OpenActive team on:

Creating a new brand, logo and style guide
Undertaking UX (user experience) work to translate user needs into a structure and content for the site in the form of a prototype
Developing the underlying foundations for what will become the website and pattern library
Creating the OpenActive brand
The new brand direction is particularly key, and as the current extent of OpenActive’s visual identity consists of the Montserrat font and a set of blue/greys, we’ve started again from scratch. We want to establish a fully fledged brand to give the initiative the identity it deserves and elevate the expanding activity strands coming into fruition, such as the OpenActive Champions peer leadership network and the OpenActive Accelerator launching in May.

